c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe.config
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.g.resources
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\nlpl9\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE Parser_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE Parser_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\GCODE Parser.exe.config
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\GCODE Parser.exe.manifest
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\GCODE Parser.application
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\GCODE Parser.exe
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\GCODE Parser.pdb
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE Parser.g.resources
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE Parser.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE Parser.exe.manifest
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE Parser.application
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE Parser.exe
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE Parser.pdb
C:\Users\nlpl9\OneDrive\Documents\Arduino\gcode\WpfApp1\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\GCODE_parse.Properties.Resources.resources
